[blog]: add missing alt text + update exisiting ones to be more precise. (#664)
gitpod-io/website: src/blog/build-a-webhook-for-google-assistant.md

### Create your Action
* Head over to https://console.actions.google.com/ and click on New Project.

> ![Google Actions Console](https://res-2.cloudinary.com/anudeepc/image/upload/q_auto/v1/blog-images/Annotation-2019-06-28-141627.png)

Reviewer: Let's be more descriptive with these, remember this will be read by a screen reader. It would probably be more natural to say something like "An image of the Google Actions Console" Please fix this for other instances of this as well.

Author: Many Thanks, @JesterOrNot for the review.
It is always a good idea to avoid words like image and photo in the alt texts as they are redundant.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/46004116/83319811-1bc76f00-a25b-11ea-8fc2-efa6a335c997.png)

Source: https://moz.com/learn/seo/alt-text

Reviewer: Got it.

* Enter your project name and click on create project.

![Google Actions Create New Project Prompt](https://res-1.cloudinary.com/anudeepc/image/upload/q_auto/v1/blog-images/gitpod-action.png)

* Now select a category for your Action.
* Now under the Develop menu, give your action a name.
* Now head over to actions menu in Develop tab and click on **Add your first action**.

> ![Tab Add your first action](https://res-1.cloudinary.com/anudeepc/image/upload/q_auto/v1/blog-images/temp2.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
!["Add your first action" button](https://res-1.cloudinary.com/anudeepc/image/upload/q_auto/v1/blog-images/temp2.png)
```

Gitpod can make your life much simpler by automating your development setup just by adding a simple configuration file to your repo. You can refer to the Gitpod [Docs](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/) to learn more about the platform. Gitpod lets you work with unlimited workspace but with 100hrs/month runtime. It also provides Personal and unlimited plans as well. If you are a student then you can claim Gitpod Unlimited plan for just $9.

> ![An Animated character waving his hands with a smile](https://res-3.cloudinary.com/anudeepc/image/upload/q_auto/v1/blog-images/character.gif)

Reviewer 2: Two capital letters doesn't make sense. Maybe remove "An":

```suggestion
![Animated character waving hand with a smile](https://res-3.cloudinary.com/anudeepc/image/upload/q_auto/v1/blog-images/character.gif)
```
